**Do you need your VMs to be on for this lab?**  
NO  

The regulatory compliance dashboard profides insight into your compliance posture for a set of supported standards and regulations, based on continuous assessments of your Azure environment.
## Microsoft Defender for Cloud (MDC)
### Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM)
Inspect MDC Secure Score ([Microsoft Secure Score](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/defender/microsoft-secure-score?view=o365-worldwide))
 - Protects **virtual machines (VMs), containers, databases, storage accounts, and Kubernetes**.
 - Detects **malware, suspicious activity, and vulnerabilities** in workloads.
### Threat Detection & Response
 - Uses **Microsoft Threat Intelligence** to detect and respond to attacks.
 - Identifies **brute force attacks, lateral movement, and unusual access** patterns.
 - Integrates with **Microsoft Sentinel** for security analytics and incident response.
### Compliance & Regulatory Standards
 - Helps meet compliance requirements (**CIS, NIST, PCI-DSS, ISO 27001, etc.**).
 - Continuously assesses security configurations to maintain compliance.
### Integration with Defender Services
 - Extends security across **Azure, on-premises, and multi-cloud** environments.
 - Can integrate with **Microsoft Defender for Endpoint** for advanced threat protection.

## MDC Recommendations

## Enabling MDC Regulatory Compliance
**Microsoft Defender for Cloud > Cloud Security > Regulatory compliance > Manage compliance standards > Tenant Root Group (1 of 1 subscriptions) > Azure subscription 1 > Security policies**
- Enable **NIST SP 800-53 Rev. 5**
- To the right of 800-53 row, click on **3 dots > View in Azure Policy > Assign Initiative**
	- Click **Next** on all, but make sure under **Remediation > System assigned identity location** is set to **(US) East US 2**
	- **Review + create**
- This may take up to 12 hours for NIST 800-53 to be enabled
### Check Regulatory Compliance
**Microsoft Defender for Cloud > Cloud Security > Regulatory compliance
- Compare NIST site with MDC recommendations
- In the next video we will Implement SC-7 (this could potentially take forever to implement in real life due to CAB (change a[https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/cprt/catalog#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_53_5_1_0/home](https://csrc.nist.gov/projects/cprt/catalog#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_53_5_1_0/home)dvisory board) and change management meetings/testing, but we can just do it. 

I think I mention this in the video, but some good ideas for additional portfolio projects might be walkthroughs on how to remediate some of the other findings from MDC Recommendations or the NIST 800-53 Regulatory Compliance Policy.

For Example: How-To’s for enabling MFA in Azure, implementing Azure Firewall, etc.

You can leave your VMs off.
